---
layout: post
title: JOOMMF workshop at IOP Magnetism 2017, York, UK
date:  2017-04-05 09:00:00
categories: news
---

## JOOMMF workshop at IOP Magnetism 2017, York, UK

In this workshop we will provide a brief introduction to computational
micromagnetics. We will introduce and teach the use of a Python
interface [1] to drive the OOMMF simulation package. At the beginning
of the workshop, we will provide a lecture style introduction, which
is followed by practical exercises where attendees will have an
opportunity to carry out small micromagnetic calculations, modify
given examples and ask more specific questions. This project is a part
of the Jupyter-OOMMF (JOOMMF) activity in the OpenDreamKit [2] project
and we acknowledge financial support from Horizon 2020 European
Research Infrastructures project (#676541). The work is also supported
by the EPSRC CDT in Next Generation Computational Modelling
EP/L015382/1, and the EPSRC grants EP/M022668/1 and EP/N032128/1.

We advise all attendees to bring their laptops if they want to install
the software on their laptops and do the exercisies. Installation
instructions can be found
[here](http://oommfc.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ipynb/installation.html). We
will be also helping people install software on Monday 3 April and
Tuesday 4 April, as well as immediately before the workshop on
Wednesday 5 April 9.00-10.00. We will soon announce the exact time and
place these sessions will take place.

We ask participants to email us (jupyteroommf@gmail.com) if they have
any questions or require any further information.

[1] [https://github.com/joommf](https://github.com/joommf)

[2] [https://opendreamkit.org](https://opendreamkit.org)


